Talk to, uh, Ben Shapiro about it today on his show,
but it won't be out until Sunday. What is, um.
Do, have you ever encountered her in the world?
I'm I know Roseanne, um,
I talked to her on the phone and I believe every word she said,
she told me that she was taking Ambien and that she was drunk a Memorial day
weekend, and she tweeted a just stupid and she's out of her mind.
And she said, you know, in her words, I need to adjust my meds.
You know, I'm, I'm not thinking straight.
And she was talking about how exhausted she got doing that television show and
she got bronchitis and she was overworked. I think she's stressing the out.
She also told me that she did not know that that lady was even,
she thought that lady was Jewish. And she said to me, like,
do you really think that I would make a joke about a black lady and say planet
ACE, I wouldn't do that. She's like, I thought she was Jewish. Look at her.
So I did look at her like pull up her Wikipedia page, this lady,
she, um, I mean she most cer pull it up so we could see it.
I mean,
she most certainly could be African American for sure. But she also,
most certainly could be like Hawaiian or native American.
Or point being that Italian.
Maybe she thought Jewish. That's what Roseanne said, Jewish.
This is what she said. I do not know. I don't think, think she's lying to me.
Um, I don't think she's racist. Have you ever taken.
Ambient? No. I've.
Never taken Ambien. Do.
You, anybody here.
Ever take Ambien? A good friend of mine about it today. Okay.
And he got up in the middle of the night, cooked himself, a meal, ate. It,
went to sleep, got up in the morning and had no recollection of it.
He had to be told that he did. He was trying to figure out who put,
put the plates in the sink who ate this food, where this food come from.
Couldn't figure it out. He got up in the middle of the night.
Doesn't remember a thing. Right. And cooked himself. A meal sat down, ate, it,
went back to bed as zero recollection of it. I hate, hate to be this guy scared.
The out of him. But during that meal at any point,
did he get racist or anything like that? Yeah. I wonder,
you know what I'm saying? Like, he's literally like, it's one thing. It',
it's a spooky story to be like, I took Ambien and I made myself some food.
It's an even spookier story to be like, I took Ambien and I killed somebody,
but it's a, it's a stretch to be like, it is,
I took Ambien and I said something I would never say in a million years. It,
it heartens me to hear,
say that she said that she wasn't aware of the lady's race. Yeah.
Cause it, you know, I don't know her. All I know her from is Roseanne.
All I know her from is decades of watching her in media, her TV show.
I followed her before the TV show. Um, it didn't seem like
the rose in that I've watched for 30, 40.
Years. Well, see, that's the thing. I'm not close to her on a daily basis.
Right. You know, I have tremendous respect for her as a comedian. Um,
I think she's, she was a, a real pioneer in a lot of ways. She was this brash,
like really confident lady who on
stupid men. And she did it in this like really bold way. And standup,
that was very unique for the time. Right?
Like if people go back and you watch like some of her early standup,
when she was coming outta Denver.
The domestic goddess stuff, she was a.
Beast man. She was a beast. She was crushing. Yeah. She was crushing, you know?
And then she got that sitcom and it's absolutely one of the greatest sitcoms of
all time. Yeah. But now she's 65 years old and it's hard for her.
And that schedule,
she was telling me was absolutely brutal and that they were killing her with all
the work. Um, I don't know her very well,
but you know,
there was another time where she said something about Susan Rice who
is, uh, another African American woman. And she,
she said something about her and compared to her swinging balls. Yeah.
Something like swinging ape balls, you know?
So that's two for two it's two. Yeah. Well this one for sure. Right?
Cause this one there's no excuses for, right.
This is one from the past that there was no, you know, like, oh my God,
I was on ambient. I tweeted this, no one said anything.
Susan Rice is a man with big swinging ape.
Balls. And that wasn't meant to be a compliment.
That's 2013 case. That's a long that's five years ago. That's five years ago.
Oh. And you can, I mean, I don't know if it's still available,
but if you can go through a timeline and see a bunch of things that yeah.
Are not like a comedian being funny, but right. You know, beliefs.
Right. That one is, um, now it's a rough one.
That to me is a way rougher one it's way rougher. Like that one is like,
that's what you said. I mean, it is what it is. Mm. You know,
if you said that the other lady looked like plant of the apes,
just because of her haircut. Cuz she looks like the, the lead woman in, in zero.
Yeah. She looked like zero. There was like a photo of her back.
It was just like the way her haircut was and her outfit was right.
I think some people, you know, would, but if you didn't know that she was black,
it's a totally different thing. Yeah. Do we know that for sure. You know,
only she knows for sure. You know, it's uh, were.
You surprised at how quickly it all ended?
Yeah. Well that, that was the part of the story. That again,
I no skin in the game other than I watched the old Roseanne. Yeah.
And I was enjoying the new Roseanne as well. Yeah. I came, uh, home from like,
I was Vegas the other day and I flew home yesterday morning and then I had a
meeting, uh, over the studios, like at noon.
So I took a nap when I got home. Like,
and also my wife wakes me up and she goes, you got a meeting, don't forget,
like it's 1130. Oh. And Roseanne's been canceled. And I'm like, that's,
that's in Palm possible. Like what? I was groggy, but I'm like,
that's impossible. It's like 20 million people are watching that show.
And she said, uh, she tweeted something racist.
So I pick up my phone and I look at it and stuff.
And by the time like this had happened in the span of like the hour
I took a nap. They, the,
the network acted so incredibly fast. There was no prevercation equivocation.
No dude. They had that act sharpened and ready. It.
Was nuts. Like all of a sudden they were just like, we're done.
We don't know or dis about. And, and, and it was,
I think it so surprising because it's been a while since somebody did something
even, uh, superficially, uh,
um, moral. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Right.
Like I I've read a lot of articles online where people are like, Hey man,
ABC didn't own the show. So of course they have had,
they didn't have as much skin in the game. So it was easy for them to cancel it.
Would they have canceled the as fast, if they own the show and.dot, dot,
you can, you can make a bunch of kind of caveats. But at the end of the day,
something bad happened. And then the network reacted a major, the network,
a major company, major corporation reacted. You think what they did enacted.
You think is the right way to handle it. To just immediately cancel the show.
I personally.
Would've maybe fired her and kept everybody else done. Like the,
you know, valorery covered, die.
Off. Yeah. Or just used computer animation. Oh, I.
You could replace her with a Pixar character,
but I think you can tell equally compelling stories. Like without her,
honestly like the nine episodes that they've done this season,
she really hasn't been the driving factor of the stories.
It's been more her about Darlene.
That's who I felt bad for when this whole thing imploed cuz I'm like,
she's she put this show together of, of Sarah Gilbert mm-hmm <affirmative> uh,
and she was like crushing on it.
She was like really good showing off like what a great actor she is.
But now everybody's outta job. Feel bad for John Goodman.
I've worked with him before and he was wonderful on the show.
Like can they could have sustained the show without her? I think.
Can she be forgiven?
Sure. I mean can, how does someone, Mel Gibson get forgiven? Isn't he working.
Again? Wellmel Gibson. It was also a case of him being intoxicated. Right?
He was yelling some antisemitic stuff at a cop. Well, I mean, nevermind.
That didn't he also punches ex-wife like's a more action
than him. Just G Hey, sugar. Like there was some,
his wife had recorded him or the woman. She recorded.
Him yelling at her on the phone.
So we, nobody knows if he truly hit him. I don't know. All.
Right. My Badt I thought that was, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know the,
even the specifics of any accusations.
And also, I also didn't follow that closely and not because I'm like, man,
that's Martin Riggs and I don't wanna hear him in bed. I just didn't follow it.
Cuz I'm like, Ugh.
Um, yeah man. It's it's.
Can she be forgiven? It's very, very, will she be forgiven? I, I don't know.
I mean, look,
she should have tweeted what you said instead of uh, oh my God.
I took Ambien mm-hmm <affirmative> like, you know,
that turned into an opportunity for a major farm eutical company to
like put out one of the best zingerers Twitter's ever seen a zinger.
I mean like, this is a company they're not normally used to like, Hey,
what should we say to be funny? Right?
Like they have to put out very stayed information. And for once they were like,
how about this guys? We say racism. Isn't a, you know, a byproduct of our drug.
It was really well said. It.
Was, it was funny. It was well.
Worded. Whoever makes you sit there and go, like, why didn't I tweet that?
Whoever.
Wrote it, it was pretty, whoever wrote it rather, it was pretty slick. Um,
the thing ambient does do though, it definitely makes you act bizarre. You,
you there's, there's some people sleep.
That's one sides. This is the one that's make you.
Go sleep. I mean, if you just there's, uh, there's websites, dedicat.
Dedicated eat, eat.
Edibles that would help. Right.
There's websites dedicated to people that have had crazy experiences on that
stuff.
I've seen a few of those stories.
And it's the one that you told me about your friend cooking dinner.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> is about the fourth time.
Somebody's communicated that story. Now you could drive home.
It could have been,
cuz they've been listening to your show and you may have sold. Its said,
so had that story. They probably have.
Uh, people drive cars on it. They go places. They realizing, yeah,
they don't know what they're doing to get places.
It's like, theerpen in the rainbow man. You become zombified. And you're like,
I'm not dead. You're bill Pullman in a casket.
Well, there was a,
there was a guy that got pulled over a few years back who was famous.
And I forget what he said,
something about like I gotta get to the dance or something like that.
And the cops were like, what the are you talking about?
And they realized like he was kind of out of it. And then after it was over,
it was revealed that he had been on ambient and that he had gotten in his car
and really had no idea what the.
He didn't even know he was talking about when the cops were pulling him over,
like literally the guy was in a dream.
<Laugh> it reminds me of when I was a kid, this was not, not drug related,
but I was a kid. I was sleeping. I fell asleep on the couch, watching TV.
And before my, like my brother had lost his wallet at a school dance.
And my mother was like, I'll drive you up there and try to find it.
And my father would get up for work at about nine o'clock at night and then head
to work at 10 o'clock. And I think he started work at 11 o'clock at night.
He worked at the post office. Cancel and fuckingstance. Um, so he,
I, my,
my mom tells me that and I fall asleep on the couch watching like dynasty or
some sort of. It was the eighties.
And then my dad wakes me up cuz he woke up and nobody was home.
Like my mom wasn't around, nobody was there and he is like, uh,
where is everybody? And he startled me awake. So I was like, what? Oh,
Donald Donald, they had to go to the school cuz Donald lost his thriller.
And my father goes, what? And I was like, Donald lost his thriller.
And he was like, I don't know what you're saying. And I was like,
but Don mom said that Donald lost his thriller.
And I kept replacing the word wallet with thriller.
And my father looked at me and literally set me aside the next day to be like,
are you using drugs? And I was like, no, I, you woke me up. I, I,
I guess I was in some sort of, maybe I was dreaming about thriller. It was 1982,
you know like.
Yeah. Your brain just never clicked back over into waking life. Right.
Just stayed in this weird zombie land. Where.
Where wallet meant thriller thrill. Did.
You find that? Uh, no. I'm trying to figure out what we were looking.
Dude got pulled over and I'm trying to remember what he told the cops where they
realized that something was going on. I think it was,
it was in one of the articles that I tweeted.
The story was in one of the articles that I tweeted.
Um, what happens in that instance? You get in trouble.
I don't here's but here's thing. Can they,
can they arrest you for being the ambient driver? It's this.
Is, it's a rare reaction cuz a lot of people take that. Right.
You know, a lot of people and you't hear this story all the time. There's.
Not a web page selling just a couple of those pills a day. Right. Theres.
Other there's what page devoted to stories of people who took Ambien and,
and got fired for being racist.
Right. Well even better.
There's no stories of people that took Ambien and uh,
you know, became, uh, addicted to it and became some sort of a,
where is there? Is that addictive is Ambi addictive probably.
Yeah. Probably would say probably, yeah.
I think the like getting addicted to falling asleep and needing it to fall
asleep probably. Yeah.
Yeah. I guess if you were somebody who was like, I can't go sleep without that.
Yeah. Wonder if it's addictive? Like maybe like a heroin is of no right.
Or like a speed, you know?
Like people get like physically addicted to things where.
It kind of changes the receptors on, on your yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't know if it dulls the sense to the point where like when you,
I mean that's what,
the way I heroins always explained to me was when you're on
heroin, the senses are get dulled, the nerve up.
Like just don't take in as much. But when you're not on heroin,
that pain of withdrawal,
part of it is the receptors coming back to life all at once. Wow.
And it was liken. Yeah. Jason jasonuse long time ago. I had problems with that.
So it was one of the rehab doctors communicated at thusly said,
you know how, when you sit on your hand and it falls asleep, I'm like, yeah,
totally. He's like, imagine that was your whole body in times to buy a million.
That's what he's going through. Wow. And I was like, oh, and then I, you know,
cause up until then I was always like, just stop doing heroin, just stop it.
And then meanwhile, I was eating a lot of sugar,
just stop doing your drug <laugh> and eating my drug. But uh,
once that dude had explained it that way, I was like, oh, that would be,
that would be painful.
No wonder the kid doesn't want to get off heroin cuz he's like,
I know the path to not being on heroin is full of pins and
needlesof but you never die from it. That's the good thing about that.
Like you don't die from heroin withdrawal. We know from, uh, Amy wine, I us,
in other cases that you can die from alcohol withdrawal. Like you can,
you can get off like when you're in jail and you're kicking heroin, you know,
the cops just be like, uh, you know, here just keep throwing up and.
But if you're kicking booze,
they have to give you booze cuz your heart could stop. What are we looking at?
We could,
this articlely pull up and estimated hundred 46,000 people in the
United States were current misusers of ambient.
<Laugh>. Now what does a misuser.
Mean dangerous dependency onto Ambien can develop after just two weeks of use.
Don't attempt to quit without proper knowledge.
And before putting a medical treatment planned into place. Wow.
Two weeks is a, all it takes.
Two weeks and you're gonesville sun <laugh> maybe, maybe not.
Maybe you're driving, having conversations. Maybere.
One of those guys that uses Ambi gets a good night's sleep and you know,
or the worst performance at the job in the morning, you.
You kind where you're like, you just lose a word,
like you're like Donald lost his thriller and that's the lowest mildest form.
Of your hand. Yes. Every now and then you skip a word.
<Laugh> which I do now I call that hit in a pothole.
You know, Roseanne is, she's an older lady, she's in her sixties and you know,
she's had some mental problems and uh,
and she's drinking and she's taken getting that stuff to go to sleep.
And uh, and she's not taking it for just two weeks. She's taken it a lot,
you know? And she says she needs it to go to sleep.
And I think there's a lot of people that feel like they need something to help
them go to sleep. That's fine. But then.
Me, people think.
It worse. Yeah. I.
Don't think that at the end of the day,
it's not like she took Ambien and that makes her bad. Like no,
it's that's she tweeted what she did. Yeah. And it's like,
if you think for a second that if in using this drug,
which I need to go to sleep because I'm late sixties,
woman mm-hmm and I need my rest or whatever. Um, or you just deserve sleep.
Like, you know, I've mercifully, I've never suffered from a lack of sleep,
but I know people who have, and it's mind bend. So, but if, you know,
you have to do that and you know,
there's the slightest chance that you could become somebody else or
say things that are not in your character give up your social media man.
Like I.
Don't think she probably realized that she was obviously gonna do that.
I think she had tweeted ridiculous in the past before.
And it flew under the radar and nobody cared. Right. It.